# [Character Story] Agnes Tachyon: 1 - Zeigarnik Effect

**Trainer:** My head hurts...

> (Huh... Where the hell am I...?)

**Trainer:** I slowly awaken from the dark state that surrounded me when—

**Agnes Tachyon:** ......Oh, have you woken up?

> A-Agnes Tachyon...?

**Trainer:** "A horse girl who has yet to reveal her true ability." Even I, a mere rookie trainer, has heard of her. But to think that the Agnes Tachyon would stand before me...

**Agnes Tachyon:** You appear to be a bit confused. You did just regain consciousness, so you better not exert yourself.

Go sit in this chair. Make yourself feel at home.

**Trainer:** I sat down in the chair just as she said.

**Agnes Tachyon:** Now then... You're probably wondering how you ended up in this situation. Remember anything?

By the way, I was the one who brought you over here. Therefore, what you need to remember is "how" and "why" you blacked out.

> Umm...

**Trainer:** I somehow managed to wrap my throbbing head around this. If I recall correctly, I was walking down the hallway when...

**Sakura Bakushin O:** Hoooold it! Tachyon-san, wait right hereeeee!

**Agnes Tachyon:** Oh my. What ever is the matter, Bakushin O-kun? It's not like your beloved classroom was burned to a crisp.

**Sakura Bakushin O:** Right! It wasn't burned to a crisp!

**Agnes Tachyon:** So all is well. I shall take my leave.

**Sakura Bakushin O:** The class prez commands you to stooooop! There is nothing "well" about this at all!

It may not be burned to a crisp, but it was very much close to being that!

**Agnes Tachyon:** There was just a little smoke in the corner, right? Would a class president really be this worked up about that?

**Sakura Bakushin O:** Huh?! Um, hmm... Now that you mention it...

Would a benevolent class president forgive something so trivial like filling an entire classroom with smoke...?

**Agnes Tachyon:** Leniency is a virtue, Class President. If that's all, I'll truly be leaving now—

**Sakura Bakushin O:** ...Wait, no! Thinking of it, the teacher said "bring her to me no matter what she says" eight times!

And because of that, I'm not letting you go so easily, Tachyon-saaaan!

**Agnes Tachyon:** Ahahaha! You truly won't get fooled, huh?

**Sakura Bakushin O:** I'm not going to let you get awayyyy! Bakushin bakushiiiin!

Ah! Trainer over there! Don't let Tachyon-san get awayyyy!

> M-Me...?

**Agnes Tachyon:** Hm...? Oop!

**Trainer:** .........

**Agnes Tachyon:** ......Hmm, it seems you have recovered some of your memories.

**Trainer:** After regaining memory, I realize that the girl in front of me is the one responsible for covering a whole classroom with smoke...

> Why did you cover a whole classroom up with smoke...?

**Agnes Tachyon:** What a strange question to ask. There's no other answer to this other than "it's part of my research"!

**Trainer:** When Agnes Tachyon said "research," a mysterious sparkle appeared in her eyes.

> I have a bad feeling about this...

**Trainer:** It's best to not get involved with her. I was about to stand up when I realized—

*(Creak...)*

> Huh?! I can't move?!

**Trainer:** I got tied to the chair without noticing...!

**Agnes Tachyon:** Are you the type of person to get so lost in thought that you forget your surroundings? I'm also the same, so I can't say I don't know how that feels

Nevertheless, I shall kindly advise you to keep an eye on your surroundings at all times.

After all, you'll never know when you run into a researcher that's looking for a healthy, adult test subject.

> T-Test subject...?!

**Agnes Tachyon:** As for me, I'd say it's good luck that you came around. Maybe I should thank God every once in a while.

Everyone in the school knows about me at this point. I can barely ask anyone to be my test subject before they run away from me.

Despite all of that— Hahaha! A total newcomer who has never heard of the rumors about me manifested right in front of my eyes! What are the chances?!

And so, little guinea pig—I mean, Rookie Trainer.

> Did you just call me a guinea pig?!

**Agnes Tachyon:** A grown man should not worry about such trivial matters!

That aside, I'll be giving you a— Actually, since you're big and strong, I'll be giving you three pills to take.

> What are these pills for...?

**Agnes Tachyon:** Ghehehe. Well, that is for *you* to find out.

Don't worry about it... The worst that could happen is that both of your legs would start glowing green for while. Isn't that a cute side effect?

What's more important is being able to observe the effects of the human quadriceps contracting caused by this drug.

It is a well known fact that horse girls and humans have almost identical body structures. However, by comparing symptoms from both species, it's possible to develop a new—

**Manhattan Cafe:** Tachyon-san... What are you doing this time...?

**Agnes Tachyon:** Oh hello, Cafe! What's the matter? Are you going to help me with my experi—

**Manhattan Cafe:** I am not. I'm only here because the teacher's calling you. It seems they want to discuss your participation in the next race...

They're waiting. Hurry up and go... *Right now...*

**Agnes Tachyon:** Alright, alright. I get it. No need to make that scary face at me! Looks like we're out of time. I'll be conducting the tests at a later date.

Until we meet again, Rookie Trainer!

**Manhattan Cafe:** ...Sigh. I'll untie you.

**Trainer:** I am—from the bottom of my heart—so grateful that I've been "saved."
