# Dead End Land: Dead End Street (5)

> **Season:** Summer<br>
> **Location:** Saison Avenue

**Mayoi:** ......

Ah... I was so exhausted from crying that I ended up nodding off...

The sun's already setting. The others are probably still incredibly busy at Dead End Café. Urgh, I feel so guilty...

But... Even if I went back now, it's too late. I must live with this guilt clinging to me; that is the fate that has been imposed upon me.

To think that I was driven into this much of a panic simply from encountering that innumerably large crowd of people...

**Shinobu:** I see, I see. I'd like to be briefed on aaaaall the details!

**Mayoi:** C-Chief...? Why are you behind me!? Wait, why are you hiding behind that statue!?

**Shinobu:** Heh heh heh, do not tell me that you have forgotten...? I am a ninja! As such, it is a breeze to mask my presence within this large of a crowd♪

Oof... Alright. Dashdashdash...♪

I was searching for your whereabouts with Anzu-dono. However, you looked rather unwell, so I wanted to check on you.

Anzu-dono, you are welcome to join us~♪ You do not have to conceal yourself anymore.

**Mayoi:** Urgh, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry! I made you go to such lengths for *me*...

Abruptly shaking me awake—or, no, just leaving me to rot—would be a much more reasonable course of action!

Please don't come so close to me! If you associate too heavily with me, my filth will rub off on you!

**Shinobu:** Hm~? I can't hear you~

**Mayoi:** Aaah, please don't ignore what I'm saying! Stay, stay, Chief!<sup>[1]</sup>

**Shinobu:** Hehe, you can't run from me~♪

**Mayoi:** Ah— Waah!?

**Shinobu:** Caught you♪

You refer to yourself as "filthy," but I do not share that opinion, Mayoi-dono.

Isn't it because you bear a pure, clean heart that you cannot accept yourself being anything less than perfect?

**Mayoi:** N-No. That isn't true. I'm not the kind of person you believe I am. I'm an even lower, more irrelevant being—

**Shinobu:** I see. If you say so, Mayoi-dono, I'll leave it at that.

But as I said before, this was a blunder on my end. Even though I was aware that being in the presence of others causes you great stress, I was unbelievably careless.

You were starting to say so earlier, but it is because of that stress that you became unable to continue working, yes?

You have a strong sense of responsibility. That is why you did not want to give onlookers the impression that the Ninja Association was responsible for causing any issues, correct?

**Mayoi:** Chief...

Thank you so very much for not giving up on me, even though I'm so weak...

B-But I... I just acted selfishly without speaking with you first! I'm incredibly sorry...!

**Shinobu:** There isn't any need to apologize. The issue also stemmed from my negligence as your supervisor, didn't it?

Thus, I have a suggestion... How do you feel about taking charge of the cooking, Mayoi-dono?

We ninjas are better suited for work in the shadows, aren't we? Anzu-dono will also check with the owner of the cafe regarding this suggestion.

**Mayoi:** Is that really alright...? For me to go back there after all this...

**Shinobu:** You have no need for hesitation; everyone is awaiting your return.

Nay, what I should be specifying is that no one bears any anger towards you from this event; not I, and not Anzu-dono, Hibiki-dono, or Mashiro-dono either.

Now then, come with me, Mayoi-dono.

**Mayoi:** ...This wasn't a dead end at all.

**Shinobu:** A "dead end"? What do you mean by that?

If there is a wall before you, you must simply scale it. That is what a ninja would do.

**Mayoi:** Chief, I love youuuuuu!

**Shinobu:** Whoa!? I-I can't move if you lean all your body weight on me!

Anzu-dono, don't just laugh, please help me~!

> **Location:** Dead End Café

**Wataru:** Ladies and gentlemen, gather 'round! I shall now use my sentient hair to make art with white sauce! ♪

*One, two, amazing...*☆

Hehehe. The dead are also able to control their hair at will, you see! Next, I shall use it to serve your meals~☆

**Tomoya:** (Yeah, all of the customers' reactions were great... The mood's not bad at all.)

(But he can't use theatrics to distract them from the slow service forever...)

(It seems like everyone's hungry and such... They'd probably prefer character over looks.)

(Hmm, it's been an hour since Sengoku and Anzu-san left. They should be coming back soon.)

...Huh, is the manager trying to get my attention from the kitchen?

A thumbs up? Erm, now he's signing to me? So "phone"... An "OK," and "running"? Does this mean Sengoku and the others are coming back now?

Alright. If so, I'll be relaying this to Hibiki-senpai with a signal...

(Hibiki-senpai, I think they're coming back soon!)

(Please hold out juuust a little bit longer!)

**Wataru:** (Haha. Could you be trying to say, "I really like you, Hibiki-senpai! You're so cool! I *love* you!"...?)

(My, you're far too kind. Thank you, Tomoya-kun♪ *Kiss...*☆)

**Tomoya:** (Uhm, I think there's a *big* misunderstanding here?! What the *hell* was that weird signal I got back?)

(Oh, whatever. This signal I sent can only mean one thing! The rest is up to you, Hibiki-senpai!)

**Wataru:** (Hehe. Fret not; I've received your message, Tomoya-kun.)

(This is mere child's play when compared to the feats I had to accomplish in Mrs. Hidaka's grueling audition.)

(I am a clown who shall fulfill the role expected of him—that's surely what everyone wishes to see from me, correct?)

## Translation Notes

1. A reference to Shinobu saying this phrase to Mayoi in *Motor Show*. Referring to the "stay" command one says to dogs.
