# Dead End Land: Epilogue (1)

> **Season:** Summer<br>
> **Location:** Saison Avenue


**Shinobu:** *Pant, pant...* We somehow managed to sneak inside.

**Mayoi:** There sure is a lot of commotion outside... The line seemed to go on forever, but thankfully we were able to enter through the backdoor without being noticed.

**Tomoya:** Oh, you're back! Could you clean yourselves up this instant? We need you guys to help out in the kitchen... There's been so many customers going in and out since dinner started—the two of us can't keep up with all the orders!

Right now, Hibiki-senpai's putting on a show to stall for us. If we can't get the food out in time, the customers would get upset. We gotta turn the tables before that happens.

Just look at him. He's been doing that all afternoon.

**Wataru:** Here you are. Now, as a member of the dead, I shall employ my powers to make a drink gush out of this cup♪

Everyone agrees that this is an empty cup, yes?

Say it with me: one, two, *amazing...*☆

**Mayoi:** No wonder he's an Eccentric...

Fair is foul, and foul is fair—it is because they're all so incredible that they cannot hide what makes them irregular. It's been a while since I was reminded of this fact.

**Tomoya:** Ahaha. More often than not, he overshadows the lead despite being a supporting actor. That guy likes playing comedic roles.

Actually, with how easily he grabs the spotlight, it's no wonder why he takes the stage! Seriously... He never ceases to amaze everyone.<sup>[1]</sup>

**Shinobu:** Wait, where does he take it to?

**Tomoya:** No, no. That's just theater talk for "he's a really talented guy." Since Hibiki-senpai can pretty much do anything, there's no need for him to rely on any gimmicks.

But y'know, you can't do a one-man show on the grand stage. There's only one Hibiki-senpai, so of course I have to help him.

We each have our own part to play, and we should be able to do what's needed of us... Y'know?

**Shinobu:** Mhm. It's just as you say.

The same holds true for idols, producers, managers, chefs, servers, customers... No, this goes beyond the restaurant.

There are so many types of people in this world, how fascinating!

**Tomoya:** Ahaha. Ninjas too. They might be hidden, but they're always around.

Someone could say that only a handful of geniuses are able to stand on stage, but life would have no meaning then~

Thus, we are called upon the stage. That includes you too, Ayase-senpai♪

**Mayoi:** Uhmm... I-Is that so?

**Tomoya:** Ahaha. It sure is~ Otherwise, I'd just slam the door in your face.

**Shinobu:** Uweh!? Were we not supposed to come back~?

**Tomoya:** Oh, that's just an exaggeration. I'm not actually mad or anything of the sort.

Alright, Ayase-senpai. Go clean yourself up and help out in the kitchen.

You can make up for what happened earlier by cooking a good meal for the staff.

Everybody's been working so hard, after all. It would be *such* a shame if we didn't at least get compensated with a warm meal made with love.

**Mayoi:** Of course. I apologize for the inconvenience, everyone.

I'll do my best to fulfill my role. I don't have much confidence in myself, but I can't bear to disappoint all of you even more.

**Tomoya:** That's the spirit. Well then, I'm gonna go check on Hibiki-senpai, so the rest is in your hands.

Same goes to you, Sengoku~

**Shinobu:** Roger that. Doing behind-the-scenes work is my specialty♪

**Mayoi:** Take care, Mashiro-san.

...Hm? You're going to help us too, Miss Producer?

About that... Um... You helping out even though it was all my fault... I'm sorry.

Huh, you're all prepared!? Since when did you change your clothes!?

All you've been doing lately is producer work, so you find this more fun?

Err, someone like myself has no business saying this, but... You're pretty weird yourself too, huh?

I appreciate it.

**Wataru:** (...Hehehe. It appears that it will be smooth sailing from here on out.)

(It's about time for my curtain call... Perhaps it would be best to wrap things up here?)

(At this rate, we should be able to resolve all the issues begotten of our lack of staff.)

(The café has been rather disorderly for quite a while now, but that, too, should be resolved as soon as Tomoya-kun and I take charge.)

(But, first, I'd best clear up his misunderstandings. Although I am an actor—a single individual—I am also "your" Wataru Hibiki.)

(If you believe that I'd do something as "normal" as only playing one role, perish the thought! I shall play three, four—nay, an infinite amount of them!)

(...If that is what is desired of me by my audience—the you to whom this Wataru Hibiki is dedicated.)

Tomoya-kun!

**Tomoya:** Y-Yeah? You need something?

**Wataru:** There is but one last thing I'd like to request of you. Would you be so kind as to hear me out?

**Tomoya:** Umm...? Why so sudden? I mean sure, go ahead.

**Wataru:** Thank you. ...Very well then! Ladies and gentlemen, feast your eyes as I saw Tomoya-kun in half!

**Tomoya:** *Huh?*

**Wataru:** Hehehe. I suspected something like this may happen, so I even brought along a box and sword for the occasion♪

The tools have already been prepared, so all that's left is for you to step inside the box...☆

**Tomoya:** No way in *hell.* What do you *mean* that you "suspected something like this may happen"?! And why did you even bring *those* here, Hibiki-senpai?! We are NOT going to put the "dead end" in "Dead End Café"!

**Wataru:** Oh? But I'm certain everyone here would love to see you get sawn in half... Are you really going to refuse them all, Tomoya-kun?

**Tomoya:** Stop! This isn't funny! Why are you staring at me like th— ***AaaaaiiiIIIEEEEEEE?!***

## Translation Notes

1. This whole section has been localized in order to convey the meaning better. Here are the unlocalized lines:

> **Tomoya:** Actually, with how easily he grabs the spotlight, it's more accurate to say he's a projectile. Seriously... He never ceases to amaze everyone.
> **Shinobu:** "Projectile"? Such as shuriken and blowguns?
> **Tomoya:** No, no. That's just theater talk for a "colorful" actor. Since Hibiki-senpai can pretty much do anything, there's no need for him to rely on any gimmicks.

A "projectile" is an actor who surprises their audience with *how* they act, rather than their actual acting ability. A "colorful" actor would be someone who stands out for their unique acting. Both are considered synonyms for each other. The closest English term for this would be a [character actor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Character_actor).
