# Dead End Land: Epilogue (1)

> **Season:** Summer<br>
> **Location:** Saison Avenue

> After closing hours

**Wataru:** Tomoya-kun, what incredible moxie! You had such *amazing* reactions☆

**Tomoya:** Ugh, I'm *seriously* exhausted...

I was genuinely terrified! It doesn't matter how much of it was just "magic," I really thought I was gonna have a heart attack!

**Wataru:** Hm~ It was because of your dedication to the show that all the customers were able to enjoy it to the fullest, though!

And so, due to the disorder in the restaurant turning into excitement, we were able to have an extremely satisfying opening event!

It was certainly a performance befitting Dead End Café♪

**Tomoya:** Could you *not* involve me in such a dangerous act without letting me know first!?

You might've just been pretending to debate with yourself on whether you'd actually shove that sword right through me or not, but I seriously thought I was gonna die!

**Wataru:** Hehehe. If we are to deceive an audience, it simply must be from atop a stage...♪

**Tomoya:** You can't pull one over on me by trying to say it like it's some proverb, okay!?

**Mayoi:** Um...

**Tomoya:** Whoa!? Were you here the whole time, Ayase-senpai? I didn't notice you at all!

**Mayoi:** Ah, I-I'm sorry for not having much of a presence... Um, as you requested earlier, I prepared some food for the staff; would you like to have some...?

No, right, you wouldn't want to go out of your way and eat food that *I* made, would you!?

**Tomoya:** Of course I would. Are you having any, Hibiki-senpai?

**Wataru:** Certainly~ I am, as one would expect from our series of performances, quite hungry. I will accept with great gratitude.

**Shinobu:** Ahaha. I shall partake in this meal as well♪ You know, Mayoi-dono is so skillful that he was able to master any dish after only reading the menu~

This recipe for omurice that he adapted from it is his specialty... I absolutely couldn't wait to try it♪

**Tomoya:** Things really do turn out well if you just put the right people in the right jobs, huh?

**Wataru:** *The show must go on...* On stage, whatever will be, will be.

It is simply inevitable that you will be involved in such predicaments when performing, Tomoya-kun♪

**Tomoya:** Uh, no. Don't try to justify your actions from earlier.

**Mayoi:** F-Feel free to have some as well, Miss Producer... I caused you a great deal of trouble, so at least allow me to treat you to this as an apology...

I-I hope I'm not being too pushy... Ah, you're hungry, so you'd be happy to have some? Here you are, then.

I put all my effort into making this. It's my special omurice.

Here you go, please enjoy your meal...♪

Ufufu, I'm so glad... Just watching everyone eat the food I made is enough to save my soul.

But I truly did a terrible thing to you all... Because of this mess, becoming the Ninja Club feels like a distant dream, and the road ahead is but a long and precipitous path.

**Shinobu:** And it is fine that way. All's well that ends well—to travel an even, paved road is unlike a ninja to do.

The manager looks grateful as well. Though they wondered whether things would turn out all right, this became a good opportunity for publicity, and it seems they had fun, too.

**Wataru:** Hehehe. They've nerves of steel.

I suppose that if they didn’t, they wouldn't be managing a café as odd as this one.

**Shinobu:** I see. Certainly, to have those that take the stage―or rather, ninjas―manage an event is an eccentric idea to have, but...

The manager also seems to think that things should be done that way, don't they?

Surprisingly, I have been told that we may be requested to come back and work here again in the near future. It didn't sound like they were just saying it to be polite.

**Mayoi:** R-Really...?

If that’s the case, I'm glad to hear it...♪

Though the existence of idols atop a glittering stage has changed my life...

I told myself that it would be better for me to return to the darkness.

But it would be tactless of me to say that to the Ninja Association… No, to you all.

If someone, somewhere out there ever requires our aid, we will rush to wherever they may be. That is what we, as the Ninja Association, do—

...Right, Chief? ♪
