# Dead End Land: Dead End Street (5)

> **Season:** Summer

> **Location:** Dead End Café

> *A few hours later - Break time*

**Tomoya:** Nice work, everyone~! Man, that was a lot busier than I'd imagined!

Looks like some people made reservations in advance, but there's already a line for those who couldn't get in during lunch♪

Sengoku's role as a former ninja fit the theme well, so the customers were pleased~♪

**Shinobu:** Indeed. It was all swith improvisation, but they welcomed me with open arms.

One customer happened to be a Ryuseitai fan and ordered a multitude of dishes from me—

Namely Dead Omurice, Dead End Parfait, and some Dead Black...coffee. I was also able to chat with them every time they made an order.

**Wataru:** Heheheh, you are surpassing all of my expectations. The Drama Club cannot afford to lose here!

**Tomoya:** Of course. I'd say Hibiki-senpai's acting more like support, passing orders from person to person and such.

**Shinobu:** With the kitchen receiving more orders than it can handle, it's as though he's keeping it from spiraling out of control by coordinating magic tricks and small talk.

**Wataru:** That's because my duty is to keep the customers satisfied~ I thought by doing those, I could avoid running into trouble and buy some time.

Hehehe. Now that we survived the busy lunch hour without a scratch, let us take a break.

...Or at least, that is what I would like to say.

**Tomoya:** Hmm?

**Wataru:** Take a look around. Don't you think there's someone missing?

**Tomoya:** "Someone missing"... Anzu-san just came out of the kitchen, but that's not exactly "strange"...

Mayoi-senpai isn't here... Didn't he say that he had to "powder his nose"<sup>[1]</sup> earlier?

**Shinobu:** He is using the restroom. The door is locked shut.

**Wataru:** Hehehe. I've picked up on something! My hair sensors have been activated...

**Tomoya:** What the actual hell does *that* even mean!?

**Shinobu:** How remarkable, Hibiki-dono! I thought this ability of yours was just hearsay—I didn't know you were truly capable of this!

Perhaps I should've recruited you for the Ninja Association while you were still a student...

**Wataru:** Oops. Haven't you seen this little trick before, Sengoku-kun? It's a bit like applying magic to your hair—but let us return to the matter at hand.

Judging from the reverberations in the air, there is no one in the restroom...♪ It is likely that Mister Phantom escaped through the window.

**Shinobu:** Egad, you are utterly correct! There is no sign of him behind the door!

**Tomoya:** Huh, you can sense that too?

**Shinobu:** Sensing one's presence behind barriers is among the first techniques a ninja must acquire!

Anyhow, Mayoi-dono shouldn't have gone too far... I do not know what came over him, but I shall search for him right away!

Oh? You want to come along too, Anzu-dono? I appreciate your aid!

Hmm. You want me to continue working, so you're going to look for him yourself?

...I cannot let you do all of that alone.

Mayoi-dono is the only other member of the Ninja Association. I can't abandon him, no matter what the circumstances are.

Surely you understand, correct?

**Wataru:** I agree with Sengoku-kun, Miss Anzu.

As I am an Eccentric, I don't know much about Mister Phantom. Could it be that working with me put a heavy burden on him?

However, a play is nothing without actors to perform it. I'm certain that Mister Phantom doesn't want us to continue without our full cast.

If you find something to be a burden, then I shall shoulder that burden. Such is the grace of having a supporting actor by your side.

Leave the café to me. Tomoya-kun, could you give me a hand?

**Tomoya:** Um... Well... I'm sure Hibiki-senpai will be fine. This dude has *ridiculously* high stats anyways. You should go focus on finding Ayase-senpai.

**Shinobu:** ...Much obliged. If you insist, I shall search for Mayoi-dono at once!

> **Location:** Saison Avenue

**Mayoi:** *Sob, sob...*

(Aah... I ran away without changing, so everyone is staring at me... It hurts.)

(I mean, of course they would be. A grown adult dressed in a strange outfit curled up on a bench, hugging his knees and crying...)

(But my tears aren't stopping.)

(Chiiiief... Please forgive me. I'm such a lowly creature!)

(But I can't do anything about iiiiit! I am how I am!)

(I-I can't... I c-can't breathe. I can't remember how to breathe. I feel like my mind's in a haze...)

(It's impossible for me after all. He—Hibiki-san said that he lives by meeting others' expectations...)

(But I can't do that.)

(...I felt like I was going to lose consciousness several times just from all of the people looking at me.)

(Surrounded by bright, sparkling people like ALKALOID, I still felt like there was something I could do.)

(But in a job like this, with all of us working individually to draw our customers' attention, it felt like the burden on me specifically had increased.)

(If I continued trying to do my job at the café, I would have collapsed—Dead End Café would take a huge blow, and it would be *my fault.*)

(By asking the Ninja Association for a favor, they were taking a risk.)

(And if I ruined it, the association—a place beloved to me—would certainly crumble and disappear into nothing.)

(Even though Chief has been trying so desperately to fulfill his desire of turning it into a real club.)

(If it comes to that, it'd be better for me to return to the darkness where I once was.)

(If I can avoid hurting anyone, then living in a desolate place where the light never touches is a much better choice for me.)

(You gave me love, so I will sacrifice myself for the sake of that love. The Phantom of the Opera ended things the same way, didn't he?)

(It doesn't matter how much despair I feel, so long as the one I love can be truly happy. I don't mind if you despise me for running from my responsibilities.)

...Thank you so very much, Chief. Now, it's time to sever the bond between us.

This is...truly a dead end.

## Translation Notes

1. Mayoi used "お花を摘みに行く" (lit. *to go flower picking*) when talking to Tomoya. It's a feminine way to say "I'm going to use the restroom" without specifying the location and act. The more masculine version is "キジ撃ち" (lit. *shooting pheasants*).
