# Dead End Land: Dead End Street (1)

**Season:** Summer
**Location:** Yumenosaki Academy

> One day in an empty classroom after summer vacation

**Shinobu:** Mayoi-dono~! Mayoi-dono, might you happen to be present?

Hm? It appears that no one is here. We made an appointment to meet in the empty classroom after school, but have I arrived here first?

**???:** *Pant, pant...*

**Shinobu:** Oh...? Is the sound of breathing perhaps coming from...

...the inside of that broom closet!?

**Mayoi:** Chiiiief! I knew you'd notice meeeeee♪ You saw *right* through my camouflage!

As one would expect from the Ninja Association's leader! I'll follow you for the rest of my life♪

**Shinobu:** Hehe. My suspicions were correct. It is unthinkable for a reliable person like you to have been late to our meeting, so I knew something *had* to be up.

Anyway, Mayoi-dono, let us begin our club activities for today!

**Mayoi:** Certainly, let's. Will we be checking the request box today as well?

I'll start up the PC, and... Oh my, it looks like we received two submissions.

**Shinobu:** Ooh, what a success! We *just* set it up this week, but we have already received two submissions... It appears our efforts have been noticed!

**Mayoi:** Receiving anonymous requests like this is fun... It feels quite ninja-like.

**Shinobu:** Well, to be precise, it is hero work. But it fits us too, since we're ninjas of justice♪

**Mayoi:** "Hero" work?

**Shinobu:** Ah, it makes sense that you would not know about this. Last year, Morisawa-dono opened a request box and used it to help those in need~

There was no one to take it over after he graduated, and thus, I received permission to do so.

Morisawa-dono looked delighted; he even said, "It's wonderful that you're reaching out and helping others!"

**Mayoi:** I see... So you're carrying on his legacy.

**Shinobu:** Well, it is not as if I am only doing this out of a sense of justice like Morisawa-dono did; I'm not nearly as saintly, after all...

...Because someday, the Ninja Association will become the Ninja Club!

If we become an official school club, we will undoubtedly gain more members, and we can receive plenty of funding. It will be just one good thing after another!

As the head of the Ninja Association, it is natural for that to be my goal!

**Mayoi:** Ufufu. Even if your aim is to obtain a reward, it doesn't change the fact that you're performing good deeds.

If you need stealth, leave it to me. It's a bad habit of mine to flee and hide when I encounter others, but in the context of being a "ninja," that weakness becomes a strength.

And I'd certainly rather be a "ninja" than a "phantom"...♪

**Shinobu:** "Phantom"...?

**Mayoi:** Oh, it's nothing. Just a personal matter.

Ah, oops. Chatting with you is so fun that I ended up prolonging our discussion... Shall we take a look at what we received in the request box?

**Shinobu:** Ah, yes. We should do that.

So, what does the box contain this time?

**Mayoi:** The first submission is a request to help clean things up around the school. Judging from the manner of speech, it seems to be from the person who sent in a request earlier this week<sup>[1]</sup> as well.

**Shinobu:** Ooh, it surprises me that we'd get a repeat requester.

**Mayoi:** Indeed. Perhaps they have been trying to support the Ninja Association by bringing us jobs to help us establish a track record.

I am unsure of who it is, but if they want the Ninja Association to become a real club, they could be someone within Yumenosaki Academy.

Ufufu. It's like they're our "Daddy-Long-Legs"<sup>[2]</sup>—our mysterious benefactor...♪

**Shinobu:** Hmm. If that is the case, I feel it would certainly be more fun if they could join the Ninja Association and partake in our activities...

No, this also depends on the time frame it is occurring in. Perhaps it could be someone like Mayoi-dono!

**Mayoi:** Huh? M-Me...?

**Shinobu:** Of course~ I never expected a third year to join the Ninja Association.

When I think of how I am able to spend this much time with a companion of mine, my heart overflows with gratitude♪

**Mayoi:** C-Chiiiiief...♪ *(hugs)*

**Shinobu:** Mayoi-dono~♪ *(hugs back)*

**Mayoi:** Ufufu. To be on a honeymoon with Chief, with no one getting in our way... It's comfortable to the point where I'd be just fine dying in your aaaaarms...♪

**Shinobu:** You mustn't be so hasty! The pair of us are fated companions who have finally managed to cross paths. It is too early to reach the end of our journey!

There was another request, yes? If so, we must fulfill our duty and be of service.

Look, I see another message there. Given the title, I'm quite curious as to what it may contain.

**Mayoi:** Let's see... Oh, what's this...?

"A Request to the Members of the Ninja Association: Participate in Our Grand Opening Event"...?

## Translator's Notes

1. In-game, the request is said to be from "last week." However, as Shinobu established earlier, the request box was only set up "this week." It was decided that for the sake of consistency and making any sort of sense, we would write it as "earlier this week" in this chapter. This will be fixed if there are any official changes later on.
2. A reference to [a novel of the same name](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daddy-Long-Legs_(novel)), in which a girl from an orphanage is given money by an unknown benefactor so that she can go to college. Though she is not allowed to know who he is, it's revealed at the end that a man she met during her time in college and grew attached to was her benefactor.
