# Dead End Land: Dead End Street (2)

> **Season:** Summer<br>
> **Location:** Saison Avenue

> A few days later

**Mayoi:** Aah—eep...!?

Urgh... People are terrifying... A shopping district like this is simply hell...

**Shinobu:** Well, experience *is* the best teacher. I was not terribly good with crowds either, but recently I've been getting a bit more used to them.

**Mayoi:** I-I see. I feel like no matter what I do, I still end up feeling sick in crowded places...

Chief. Would you mind if I took a quick break on that bench over there?

**Shinobu:** That's fine with me~ I shall contact our client to let them know that we will meet up here instead.

**Mayoi:** I-I'm sorry... I probably come off as a terribly feeble individual.

**Shinobu:** Please don't push yourself too much. You are my one and only companion in the Ninja Association!

Ah, right. There is a vending machine close by, so I will go grab something for you to drink. I'm sure that if you hydrate yourself a bit, you will feel better...♪

**Mayoi:** I'm dreadfully sorry for everything I keep putting you through. Thank you very much...

**Shinobu:** We have each others' backs~ Well then, I will be right back.

**Mayoi:** ......

(Eek!? S-Someone sat down next to me... Why, for what reason? There should be other empty benches available if they wanted to sit...)

(H-Huh? They just said "Good morning," didn't they? To me? I-I wasn't hallucinating, was I...?)

(Eep... Is it possibly a fan of mine? I don't feel comfortable just ignoring them, so I should try to say at least something...)

D-Do you possibly need something from me...!?

Eep! Close, too close! Your face is way too clooooose!

Ah, um, I... T-There isn't anything particularly interesting about my face even if you inspect it closely... I think there's some misunderstanding, so please back up a bit...!

Oh, Miss Producer...?

I-I'm sorry... I'm bad at making eye contact with people, so I didn't realize it was you.

Aah... That's why you leaned so close to me? To help me remember who you were? Yes, we have met several times in the ES building, so please pardon my rudeness...

......

(What an awkward silence...! Should I try to start a conversation about something...?)

**Shinobu:** Oh, you're here, Producer-dono—Anzu-dono. It seems you've already gotten Mayoi-dono to open up♪

**Mayoi:** Aah, Chief! My savior!

**Shinobu:** Ahaha. You're truly *that* bad with people?

I thought you may have arrived, Anzu-dono, so I bought a bottle of tea for you as well~ Green tea was the only variety available, though.

There is no need to offer me words of thanks. You were the one who submitted the request to our box, after all.

**Mayoi:** Ah, you submitted a request anonymously, but then revealed your identity after? I was under the impression that every requester has to remain completely anonymous...

However, why were we requested for work off-campus?

No, it's not that I take any issue with such. I merely thought that it would be connected in some way to our in-school activities.

**Shinobu:** That was a curious matter to me as well. Our recent requests have primarily been from ES, so...?

Hm? It's quite hard to explain, so you’d like us to follow you to the location itself? I see.

Are you alright with that, Mayoi-dono?

**Mayoi:** E-Eep. To not know any of the details is exceedingly scary...

But I understand. I'll follow your lead.

Through fire, through water, until the ends of the Earth...!

> **Location:** Dead End Café

**Shinobu:** This is...?

**Mayoi:** Err, Miss Producer, what is a "Dead End Café"?

I understand what cafés are, but not a "dead end" one... Do you think we will be able to serve p-poisoned coffee?

**Shinobu:** You never told us that we would be serving poisoned food, Anzu-dono! That is *so* unpleasant, as the Ninja Association is a wholesome group!

**Tomoya:** Ahaha, you're overthinking it.

**Shinobu:** Ooh...? What brings you here, Mashiro-dono?

**Tomoya:** That's my line, Sengoku~ Did Dead End Café reach out to you guys too?

**Shinobu:** Correct. To be precise, we were referred by Anzu-dono. Did she do the same to you?

**Tomoya:** Yeah, the Drama Club's also referred by her. These costumes make it the *perfect* job for us, y'know?

**Shinobu:** It truly suits you all, as always~

Then, why are you wearing a costume at a café...?

**Tomoya:** Haha, I'm not so sure about that either.

Well, the café's theme is something like: a girl wanders into spirit world, where dead servers entertain and cook for her.

**Shinobu:** Hmm, so that is what's popular as of late... Were you aware of such a thing, Mayoi-dono?

**Mayoi:** No, I'm not familiar with the trends... But that is a unique theme.

**Tomoya:** It really is—Ayase-senpai? You were up early today, but I didn't expect to see you here.

**Mayoi:** You were offered the same job too, M-Mashiro-san?

**Shinobu:** Hm? Do you two know each other?

**Mayoi:** Yes. Everyone in ALKALOID transferred dorms after MDM. Mashiro-san and I have been roommates since then.

**Shinobu:** Fair enough. You have a surprisingly close friend there.

**Mayoi:** N-No, we're not *that* close! I tend to be extremely shy; therefore, I'm not really familiar with him!

**Tomoya:** Ahaha. Please don't be modest. I'm younger than you, so I don't care if you're casual with me, okay?

**Mayoi:** I-I'm formal by default so it's alright!

**Tomoya:** Ahaha. Either way, it's still nice to have someone to talk to.

Anzu-san, you referred both the Drama Club and the Ninja Association here because of our connection to Yumenosaki, right?

I see. So Dead End Café is run by a fellow student's parents.

We were referred because you heard that our club activities were going well, huh...

**Shinobu:** We're under an entertainment agency for the time being. Thus, requesting jobs up-front goes against my moral code...

Actually, there doesn't seem to be anyone else from the Drama Club here—

Huh? There's something on the ceiling...!

**Wataru:** Ghehe. You have finally noticed me♪

**Mayoi:** Eeeek! A-An Eccentric...!

**Tomoya:** Whoaaa!? H-H-How the *hell* were you able to stick onto the ceiling, Hibiki-senpai!?

**Wataru:** Hehe, you're too naïve, Tomoya-kun! Since I'm an entertainer, I always have to look for ways to make an *amazing* entrance☆

Now, let me introduce myself properly. It has been quite a while, Miss Anzu. I am your Wataru Hibiki...☆

It appears that there are others with you too. Let us all work hard today!

**Mayoi:** ***Aaaaaaiiiiiieeeeee!***

**Shinobu:** Don't be so nervous, Mayoi-dono.

There's no need to be so scared of him. How he behaves may be a bit strange, but the Three Eccentrics—including Shinkai-dono—are all charming people.
