# Dead End Land: Dead End Street (3)

> **Season:** Summer<br>
> **Location:** Dead End Café

> *10 minutes later*

**Wataru:** Alright, are the two from the Ninja Association finished changing?

The grand opening event is soon, so apply your makeup quickly. If you're having trouble, I am willing to be of assistance♪

I have plenty of experience as an actor, you know. So I can assist with your makeup...♪

**Tomoya:** Nah, you can't just do makeup—you can do pretty much *anything.*

**Wataru:** I can't just do "anything"! For example, if I were thrown into a blast furnace, even I could only give a thumbs up before sinking.

**Tomoya:** That's such a weird scenario, though?

Anyways... Don't be afraid to let me know if you're having trouble, Sengoku.

**Shinobu:** Much obliged. Can you check if I have any stains on the back of my jacket, then?

**Mayoi:** Ah. If I coul—

**Wataru:** Oh my. It's quite rude to interrupt two friends talking, Mister Phantom.

Let us leave them to themselves and talk about love! I have a feeling you and I are birds of a feather♪

**Mayoi:** Um... Huh...?

(Scary! I don't get along well with this person much, but he keeps insisting on getting closer to me?)

**Wataru:** Tehehe. Please don't be afraid! As you are the phantom and I am the clown, don't we both wear a mask?

**Mayoi:** W-Where on earth did that pigeon come from...!?

**Wataru:** There aren't any tricks or gimmicks around here, tehe♪

**Tomoya:** Hey, what are you two doing? It's almost time for the grand opening, so *please* stop fooling around!

Especially *you,* Hibiki-senpai! You're only here because Hokuto-senpai couldn't make it! Control yourself!

You became a full-fledged member of society a *long* time ago. The academy clearly doesn't have your back anymore.

**Wataru:** Ah, the good ol' scolding...☆ However, the real world is far more selective than a school packed with a wide variety of people.

Even impudent behavior can be shadowed with an impudent environment. That is particularly true in show business—a place out of the ordinary.

In retrospect, aren't you still the same old Tomoya-kun? And I don't mean that in a bad way!

**Tomoya:** You threw that at me so casually... I'm hurt.

I mean, just because you said it wasn't "in a bad way" doesn't mean you can just go say whatever the hell you please!

Like, I was always told that I'm too "normal" since childhood. Poppin' Party<sup>[1]</sup> would never happen if I was the same as before.

**Wataru:** That's wonderful. You are raising the standards of what's "normal" in your own way~ It's a different approach from merely excelling in a single area, and I think it's commendable.

**Tomoya:** Whatever you just said pisses me off... But that's just who you are.

Sorry for getting carried away, Sengoku. You don't have any stains on your jacket from what I see.

**Shinobu:** That's a relief to hear. I finished applying my makeup, so I am all geared up.

**Tomoya:** Ooh, you're pretty good at this.

**Shinobu:** Ryuseitai has done a lot of work in small venues, so I'm rather skilled at getting myself ready.

Though, I cannot cross-dress, unlike you all in the Drama Club.

**Mayoi:** I-I'm also done.

**Wataru:** You are all *amazing* at this! We must make haste now, Miss Anzu is waiting for us.

**Tomoya:** Oh, shoot. Is it almost time?

**Wataru:** I hear people discussing the sorts of routines we'll do over there.

**Shinobu:** "Routines"...?

**Wataru:** Correct. Since we are servers, there is practically no need for us to cook. One of those routines appears to be writing with white sauce<sup>[2]</sup> in front of the customers.

**Tomoya:** It's like what maid cafés do, right? Where they go "*moe moe kyun*☆" while drawing hearts with ketchup?<sup>[3]</sup>

**Wataru:** Heheh. Good guess, Tomoya-kun! It's *exactly* what you say it is!

As idols and actors, we are sure to be beautiful, graceful, and sometimes adorable! I am certain the customers will be pleased♪

To show the others an example, please write "LOVE" in extra-large letters on my omurice...☆

**Tomoya:** Ahaha. This is Dead End Café, so I'll be drawing a skull instead. Is that alright with you? ♪

**Wataru:** Oh my, even how you treat your superiors has changed~ Good grief, who taught you these manners?

## Translation Notes

1. "Poppin' Party" is the name of Nazuna's welcome back concert that took place in *High Five!* A pretty significant event for Tomoya, especially since he's performing in it as Ra*bits' new leader.
2. Also known as béchamel sauce. Often used in [omurice](https://chefgohan.gnavi.co.jp/detail/4889), but not really to "write with" unlike ketchup...
3. "*Moe moe kyu*n" is an incantation to make food taste delicious. It can be localized as "abracadabra" or "bibbidi bobbidi boo," but they don't give the same cutesy vibe. Popularized by [K-On!](https://youtu.be/PQCuyAHGkUM)
