# Dead End Land: Dead End Street (4)

> **Season:** Summer<br>
> **Location:** Dead End Café

> *Sometime after the café has opened*

**Shinobu:** Welcome~♪

Here is your seat, milord. I shall deliver you the menu posthaste!

Ah, do pardon me. I lived and died as a ninja. Thus, I unintentionally slip back into my previous way of speaking at times.

Right then, I shall be off!

Whew... Being both a ninja and a butler is a bit tricky, isn't it?

It is also much busier than I was expecting. Is that causing you anxiety, Mayoi-dono?

**Mayoi:** ......

**Shinobu:** Alas, it seems I was correct! You appear quite down, Mayoi-dono! Are you alright?

**Mayoi:** ......

**Shinobu:** Mayoi-dono...?

**Mayoi:** Ah, my apologies... The manager told me I'm "really as silent as the dead!" so I've been staring at the floor and making not a single peep, but...

Urgh... Is this really okay? Rather, I feel like it gives a strange impression that customers would be more pleased if I acted coldly.

**Tomoya:** Ahaha. This kind of role *does* fit you though, Ayase-senpai. Plus, it balances out with our noisy coworker, so it's fine. You know who I mean, the dead ex-clown—

**Wataru:** *Amazing!* ☆ It has been a long time since I had contact with the living~

Were you lured to the underworld by your desire to seek pleasure?

I, a failed street performer during my lifetime, have no need to worry about struggling with poverty or how others rate me here!

We have an eternity! I shall be here for eternity!

Hehehe. And when one is trapped in eternity, their conversations do tend to eternally meander. Now then, would you like to order? ☆

Hm? What do I recommend from the menu?

Let's see... If you wish, I could draw a portrait of you with our special sauce!

I have also long been able to write using grains of rice; detail work is my forte!

I'm dead, so I can illustrate as many dishes as you wish♪ Afflictions such as fatigue and the cold do not affect me any longer! ♪

I see! Two Dead Omurice, coming right up~♪

**Tomoya:** Man, you can tell how damn loud he is just by looking at him.

But *because* he stands out so much, we're going viral on social media.

There might be an even bigger crowd in the afternoon since he's a special guest for today.

**Mayoi:** E-Even bigger...!? Just the thought of it makes me dizzy...

**Shinobu:** Keep yourself together~ There were far more people in the audience during MDM, so there's no need to be frightened.

Oh? Anzu-dono is watching us from the kitchen and smiling.

Alright! At this pace, we will become a Ninja *Club* in a single bound! Let us do our very best!

**Mayoi:** U-Um. Chief...

**Shinobu:** There is nothing to worry about. You are doing just fine as you are right now, Mayoi-dono♪

Your outfit suits you well, and when you take up a silent character, the charm of your handsome features only doubles♪

**Mayoi:** T-Thank you very much...

**Shinobu:** Ah, yes. A new order has come in? I shall excuse myself here, then!

Oh, this manner of speech? I lived out my days as a ninja, see—

**Mayoi:** ......

**Wataru:** Mister Phantom. You look so miserable that one would think you've fallen into despair. Are you getting into character?

Hehehe. If so, you've nailed it♪

While I am butting into your affairs a bit, won't you listen to the tale I have to tell? It is the way of life for both clowns and actors to perfectly pull off their given roles.

Play your desired role as how others desire it to be. If you do not, you will bring about complaints that you are "boring," that the audience was "let down"... That is the sad fate of a clown like myself.

All humans want to be loved. When a clown is loved, it keeps their art alive. For me, that brings both hope and a feeling of resignation.

But even having said that, you don't need to go beyond your limits to stand on stage. Those who work behind the scenes have their own happiness.

Mister Phantom. While I've been observing you, you've nearly stumbled about two or three times—are you feeling alright?

**Mayoi:** ...I'm alright. You don't have to worry about that.

**Wataru:** Hm. I see! Do pardon me for sticking my nose where it doesn't belong~☆

Tehehe. We have spoken for too long. I tend to get *quite* in-character for all of my roles.

I won't be able to write letters on as many omurice as I need to like this.

I can handle the customers myself, so... Go help out in the kitchen, if you would please?

**Mayoi:** ...Understood.

......

(You were probably aiming your words at me rather than just telling a story about yourself, weren't you? Hibiki-san.)

(It's just as you say. I can't become someone like you Eccentrics and the myriad of other geniuses that exist in this world. Anyone having expectations for me is incredibly frightening.)

(Because I am a "phantom"—a trivial, hideous existence compared to yours.)

(I suppose it's a beautiful thing, to play the role you've been called upon to play. But for me...that's too heavy of a burden.)

(It may not be the right way to say this, but... Even if it disappoints someone, I don't want to hurt those who love me—)

(Because I'm a weak, pitiful existence that can't fulfill the role others want me to play.)
