# RELOADED: Idol of the Dead (9)

> **Season:**  Summer<br>
> **Location:** Ensemble Square - Hallway

> That evening

**Nazuna:** We've got you now, Izumi-chin! Now put 'em up! You're under arrest!

**Kanata:** we went through a lot of trouble, didn't we~ it's already "evening", and this story turned out to be as long as an "epic".

**Nazuna:** Ugh, and thanks to him, we're becoming the hot topic on HoldHands and other social media.

They're saying stuff like "The Creature Club guys are up to something stupid..." And more and more spectators are coming to see what the fuss is all about.

**Kanata:** fufu. they've given us "donations" in the form of "admission fees" too. should we add them to the "budget" of the "creature clubs"?

if we do so, then we can "solve" our "problems" without having to fight or hurt each other over it♪

**Nazuna:** I guess that's a pretty idol-like way to do it~ Putting on a show and getting tips in a hat.<sup>[1]</sup>

It was only supposed to be a cover-up, but maybe we actually should stream Idol of the Dead and enable donations or something, huh?

**Kanata:** let's think of that after we "solve" everything. all "creatures" that aren't "human" tend to not think so much about the "future".

but even so, they live their lives to the "fullest".

**Nazuna:** We're coming in! Give it up, Izumi-chin! We already know you're in this room~!

**Kanata:** aah, that's cheating! you went first just when i was saying something "deep"!?

**Nazuna:** It's your fault for letting you guard down! We're still in the middle of a competition, y'know~! We at Animals are gonna be the ones to catch Izumi-chin and get a bigger cut of the Creature Club budget!

**Kanata:** not if i can help it~! Heroes never lose!

> **Location:** Prop Room

**Nazuna:** Grrragh! Come out, Izumi-chin! You'll pay for the crime of putting your hands on *my* Tomo-chin with your *life!*

**Kanata:** w-we won't kill him, right? we're only going to catch him, right?

**Wataru:** *Amazing!* Greetings, my beloved compatriots of the Creature Clubs!

I am neither fin nor fur,<sup>[2]</sup> but as we are all creatures of the same world, I shall entertain each and every one of you amicably in our time here together!

Now, allow me to give a proper welcome! Would you like dinner? A bath? Or would you like...*me?*

**Nazuna:** ......

**Kanata:** wataru.

wait, what are you doing here? what kind of "prank" is this?

**Wataru:** Hehehe. But—for the record—I too happen to be a member of Animals, so it's not inconceivable for me to be here, wouldn't you agree?

**Nazuna:** Yeah, I guess, but... Huh? I swear I heard their voices coming from here—but they're nowhere to be seen? Wait, does that mean the voices I heard were from *you,* Wataru-chin?

**Wataru:** Correct. I just happened to receive a humble request from Tomoya-kun as to whether I could use my mimicry abilities to impersonate them.

With that, I was able to buy them as much time as possible.

**Nazuna:** But why would you do that...?

**Wataru:** Because he asked me to. As if I could *ever* say no to those adorable puppy-dog eyes he begged me with~♪

Besides, it's quite rare for Tomoya-kun to ask me for help, so I was over the moon...♪

**Nazuna:** Ack, so we came all the way here for nothing! We've been tricked!

But if Tomo-chin was the one who asked Wataru-chin for the favor, does that mean he doesn't want to get caught either...?

Why? Could it be that Izumi-chin didn't actually abduct Tomo-chin against his will?

**Wataru:** That's about right. And yet you jumped to conclusions and kicked up a massive fuss, creating a far bigger deal out of this than necessary...

I see you're just as easily flustered as ever, Mister Rabbit.

**Nazuna:** Huh~? But I'm just *so worried* about Tomo-chin~!

**Wataru:** I'm sure you are. It's wonderful to hear that you're taking such excellent care of Tomoya-kun, who I entrusted to you.

Though, I wonder if you're too overprotective. But perhaps that's because I tend to favor a harsher training regime that packs a punch so hard it leaves a dent.

Though one could say that it strikes a fine balance with your tendency to be a bit *too* soft on your juniors.

**Nazuna:** What are you talking about? More importantly, you seem to be on Tomo-chin's side, since you accepted his request—so where are they now?

**Wataru:** Now? Well, you know what they say: a magician never reveals his secrets. So I'm afraid I cannot tell you.

**Nazuna:** A magician...?

**Wataru:** Correct. After all, Tomoya-kun does well when it counts. Or rather, he can do anything he sets his mind to.

He remained calm through this bizarre situation, came up with the best plan he could think of, and pulled off the most magnificent "escape stunt."

*Amazing!* Pressure makes diamonds, after all!

Being mean to him and having my dove hide the key was worth it♪

## Translation Notes

1. In the original text, Nazuna calls the donations "ohineri" (おひねり). Ohineri refers to the tips actors receive in taishu engeki (大衆演劇, lit. "theater for the masses," a genre of Japanese theater), and its name is based on how these tips were originally presented to the actors by wrapping money in a piece of paper, twisting it into a knot, and tossing it on stage during the show. Nowadays, ohineri is usually given by clipping bills or envelopes of money to the actors' clothes, or by handing it to them directly after the show.

2. Literally "neither of the land nor the sea" (陸のものとも海のものともつかない). It's modified from a [proverb meaning "neither fish nor fowl"](https://www.google.com/books/edition/%E8%8B%B1%E8%AA%9E%E3%81%AE%E3%81%93%E3%81%A8%E3%82%8F%E3%81%96_%E3%82%A4%E3%83%87%E3%82%A3%E3%82%AA%E3%83%A0/f9eJCgAAQBAJ?hl=en&gbpv=1&dq=%E6%B5%B7%E3%81%AE%E7%89%A9%E3%81%A8%E3%82%82%E5%B1%B1%E3%81%AE%E7%89%A9%E3%81%A8%E3%82%82%E3%81%A4%E3%81%8B%E3%81%AC%20%E8%8B%B1%E8%AA%9E&pg=PT29&printsec=frontcover&bsq=%E6%B5%B7%E3%81%AE%E7%89%A9%E3%81%A8%E3%82%82%E5%B1%B1%E3%81%AE%E7%89%A9%E3%81%A8%E3%82%82%E3%81%A4%E3%81%8B%E3%81%AC%20%E8%8B%B1%E8%AA%9E)—hard to predict.
