# RELOADED: Idol of the Dead (2)

> **Season:** Summer<br>
> **Location:** Seisou Hall - First Floor Hallway

> A few minutes later, Seisou Hallway

**Tomoya:**	W-W-What are we gonna to do now, Sena-senpai!?

This *isn't* how you said things would go! You swore that it'd be too early for anyone to see us!

But now we've been caught red-handed! And by *Nii~chan* of all people!

**Izumi:**	Haaa!? Could you watch it with the "Nii~chan" so close to my ear? It's getting me weirdly excited!

**Tomoya:**	What even!? Ugh, what is with this guy...!?

**Izumi:**	Oh, pipe down! Can you not start freaking out just because things didn't go exactly as planned? It's sooo annoying!

It's not like I have psychic powers or something, okay? I'm not God!

Besides, the important thing is being able to deal with it when everything doesn't go according to plan—well? Am I wrong!?

**Tomoya:**	Urgh...! It's not that anything you're saying is *wrong,* it's just that—for some reason, it's hard to agree when *you're* the one saying it, Sena-senpai!

**Izumi:**	And what the hell is that supposed to mean!? Why is it that not one person around here listens to a word I say? It's not every day you come across someone like me, who's practically always right about everything!

**Nazuna:**	Just now! I heard a voice coming from over here...!

**Kanata:**	yes! they were talking about something to do with "god". i do feel like this is a very "ominous" sign indeed...
it could be just as you feared—

**Nazuna:**	What's with that grim look on your face all of a sudden!? Do you have any idea why the two of them are acting so suspiciously?

Nngh, even so... I'd really thought that scoundrel Izumi-chin—had calmed down a lot recently, so to speak!

Could it be I just haven't heard anything about what he's been up to while I've been at college and he's been overseas!?

Argh, what do I do? What do you *do* in a situation like this? Call the police!?

What am I supposed to say? "Sir, I would like to report that my son has been kidnapped by a pervert"!?

**Kanata:**	nooo, that would be making a far bigger "ordeal" out of this than necessary! we should prioritize confirming the "facts" and proceed with "prudence"!

**Nazuna:**	Uh, proceed with what now? Y'know, sometimes I haven' godda glue what d' heg you're trynna say—not that I've got any right to talk!

Well, whatever! If we wanna get to the bottom of this, we've gotta grab ahold of Izumi-chin and Tomo-chin!

I'll go wake up a bunch of guys we can trust—once I let them know what's going on, they can help us out!

**Kanata:**	alright! we shall make use of a "human wave attack" to track down izumi!

of course, i'll help you out, nazuna. i can't turn back now; that "ship" has already set sail. in return, about our clubs' budgets—

**Nazuna:**	We'll come back to that later! Temporary truce for now! All that matters to me at the moment, Kanata-chin, is rescuing Tomo-chin from Izumi-chin's evil clutches!

**Kanata:**	alright! please set your mind at ease, nazuna! "justice" will always prevail in the end!

**Izumi:**	Tch!? Urgh!? Grr!?

**Tomoya:**	\*whisper\* P-Please calm down, Sena-senpai! Otherwise they'll find us! And while we're at it, if you keep yanking me around like this, my wrist is going to be in so much pain!

**Izumi:**	No—he—how could he!? Nazunyan, of all people—Nazunyan, of all people!

There was absolutely no need for him to call me a—a pervert! He called me a pervert!? Has he always thought of me that way, all this time?

**Tomoya:**	N-Nii~chan just has a bit of a sharp tongue when he gets all riled up! If he says anything offensive, please just laugh it off!

More importantly! We should focus on getting ourselves somewhere no one else is going to be around, before Nii~chan and the others spot us!

**Izumi:**	That's exactly what I'm trying to do! Can you quit your whining? If you've got somewhere to go, then go! Go on, shoo!

**Tomoya:**	But I *can't*—that's what I've been trying to tell you! You're just like Nii~chan—getting all riled up and completely forgetting your surroundings!

Pleeease try to remember: you and I are acting as one right now! If one of us goes somewhere, the other has to go too! There's no way around it!

**Izumi:**	*I know.* Why are you telling me something I am *already aware of.* Oh, you think I'm some kind of idiot, do you!?

**Tomoya:**	Aargh, this guy is impossible! He keeps twisting my words and assumes the worst!

I've never been around an upperclassman that acted like *this* before, so I have no idea what to do! Not like I don't have others who are troublesome in a different way to deal with though!

**Izumi:**	What's this about!? Who am I a disappointment to in comparison?

**Tomoya:**	N-Nobody said anything like that!?

**Izumi:**	That's what it sounded like to me! I knew it, you think I'm some dumbass who can't even tell when he's being insulted, don't you!? I can tell from the way you treat me!

Argh, I've had it! This is sooo ridiculous! Why do I have to be handcuffed to some annoying kid I barely know!?

**Tomoya:**	Ow, ow, ow!? The handcuffs are chafing my wrist! Will you *please* just calm down, Sena-senpai? No matter how much of a fuss you make, it's not going to get us anywhere!
